<p>
  In the last few days I've been asked more than a couple of times:
</p>

<blockquote>
  Why do you use Ember.js?
</blockquote>

<p>
  So, this are the reasons:
</p>

<h2>Community</h2>
<p>
  The community is very active and there are new features and tools everyday.
  If you need help you can get it at StackOverflow, IRC, Github, Discourse and Slack.
  There are tons of meetups around the world and if you can't assist to one, many of them are being recorded and uploaded to YouTube.
</p>

<h2>Stability without stagnation</h2>
<p>
  You may have heard that not long ago it was announced that Angular 2.0 would be a rewrite from scratch and that it wouldn't be possible to migrate apps from version 1.x to 2.0. (later it was announced that a migration path might be provided, you can google more about that)
  I mentioned that because it ilustrates the concept of:
</p>
<blockquote>
  move fast and break things
</blockquote>
<p>
  The Ember philosophy is to provide <strong>stability without stagnation</strong>, and so far it has worked great.
  You can read more about this in 
  <a target="_blank" href="http://readwrite.com/2014/11/04/emberjs-javascript-framework-we-dont-need-to-break-the-web">Innovating Fast And Slow: EmberJS Insists, "We Don't Need To Break The Web"</a>
</p>
<p>
  So, the framework is being built with lots of compatibility layers. This allows you to use new features as soon as they are realeased. Upgrading your projects from one version to another won't take more than a day, usually a couple of hours.
</p>

<h2>Developed by product developers</h2>
<p>
  The framework is developed and maintained by people that are actually making a living out of it.
  Most of the people behind the project work as freelancers, consultants or at companies that sell products based on Ember. This means that features and changes are done based on the needs of applications that are being used on a daily basis. 
</p>
<p>
  There isn't a single large corporation trying to steer the wheel, changes happen fast and with a focus on increasing productivity and quality overall.
</p>

<h2>Push the web forward</h2>
<p>
  There is a big effort to make available modern technologies and techniques. There is a heavy bet on ES6, ES7 and web components. The sooner we start using them, the sooner will make mistakes and learn from them. 
<p>
</p>
  The work done with Ember is not only about improving the framework, but also about helping shape the future of the web.
</p>

<h2>Standards</h2>
<p>
  Standards and conventions are used for everything:
  JSON API, default objects that are autogenerated, declarative data bindings, naming conventions etc. 
  I read somewhere:
</p>
<blockquote>
  When you use a framework like Ember.JS is not for your own benefit, but for the benefit of others.
</blockquote>
<p>
  Once you start poking at others projects, may you need to customize or improve a project, you'll realize that thanks to the standards and conventions you almost won't need documentation. You'll be able to just get-it and start working with 3rd party code bases. 
</p>
